Use indico instead of a google form to register as participant (#229)
SORSE/sorse.github.io: _pages/privacy.md

- We use a Google form to submit to the topic bazaar, but this is also stated
  separately [here]({% include fix-link.html link=submit_topic %}).

> - Participants register via the [indico](https://indico.scc.kit.edu) platform
>   ([privacy statement](https://indico.scc.kit.edu/event/863/page/550-privacy-policy))

Author: ```suggestion
- Participants register via the [indico](https://indico.scc.kit.edu/category/95/) platform
  using a dedicated registration link.
```
see https://github.com/SORSE/sorse.github.io/pull/229#issuecomment-659245451

Then let's remove the link to the privacy policy here
